8752 words
calculating divisions
on stufe 5
on stufe 6
on stufe 7
on stufe 8
on stufe 9
on stufe 10
on stufe 11
on stufe 12
processing division 0
pest, sept, pets, step
acre, acer, race, care
tide, tied, diet, edit
mate, meta, meat, team
tops, spot, stop, post
shit, hist, hits, this
ruth, thru, hurt
polo, loop, pool
sega, sage, ages
rats, arts, star
dale, deal, lead
slot, lots, lost
proc, crop, corp
dome, demo, mode
dare, dear, read
cats, acts, cast
stud, dust
grad, drag
owns, snow
keen, knee



processing division 1
males, salem, meals
tones, stone, notes
carlo, coral, carol
steal, tales, least
sonic, icons, coins
alter, alert, later
wider, wired, weird
fibre, fiber, brief
stops, spots, posts
relay, layer, early
brake, baker, break
safer, fares, fears
nepal, plane, panel
cheat, teach
upset, setup
drove, dover
mixer, remix
sparc, craps
edgar, grade
wives, views



processing division 2
roland, ronald, arnold
naples, planes, panels
grande, danger, garden
center, recent, centre
steady, stayed
garmin, margin
voyuer, voyeur
neural, lauren
warned, andrew
resist, sister
metres, meters
suited, duties
brakes, breaks
hostel, hotels
phases, shapes
pierce, recipe
remark, marker
beings, begins
angola, analog
denial, daniel



processing division 3
largely, allergy, gallery
claimed, decimal, medical
pirates, parties
pointer, protein
remarks, markers
arising, raising
domains, madison
singing, signing
routing, touring
bowling, blowing
silence, license
trainer, terrain
hampton, phantom
streams, masters
freight, fighter
cameron, romance
capitol, optical
farming, framing
escorts, sectors
precise, recipes



processing division 4
triangle, integral, relating
inserted, resident
nitrogen, ringtone
reprints, printers
oriental, relation
catering, creating
reaction, creation



processing division 5
reproduce, procedure
creations, reactions
palestine, penalties
compliant, complaint
testament, statement
christina, christian
introduce, reduction
elections, selection



processing division 6
reductions, introduces
impression, permission
discretion, directions



processing division 7
predictions, description



processing division 8
conversation, conservation



